---
layout: post
title: Decision
---

Yes. I have made it.

In the past 10 months, my job time was 4pm - 12pm.<br>
And it would go on sometimes till 6am.

Today evening, as I was getting ready, combing my hair, looking into the mirror, I felt some sort of a divine message. That moment, I decided that from the next day, I was going to be a morning guy.
And my office hours would be 8am-4pm.

There are a lot of reasons that conspired me to make this move.

1. Since October I have taken the responsibility of leading a team of 4 members and its very important that I have sufficent time overlap with them. <br>
2. I know that I cannot do this night shift routine for a prolonged period. Sooner or later, I would need to settle down and need to make sun as my friend.  <br>
3. I am developing a tummy and fat around my waist.. LOL  <br>
4. Most of the days I do not get the initial momentum in the evening, it starts kicking in only in the night :(  <br>
5. I have been reading lots of self help books.
5. I feel alive and confident now.  <br>

I would like to throw some light on the last point.

When I joined People10 in Jan 2016, My confidence level was very down.<br>
The previous year I took the plunge into the startup arena and had to take strong hit.<br>
It had reached a point where I had to beg for money in the roadside to catch a bus.<br>
Yeah :( It was that bad. <br>

But I'm proud that unlike many startup wannabes in their Day Jos, I had the balls to step in the ring.<br>

And I am today what I am, only because I took that bold step. And I am practising now for Round 2.

Let me stop my shameless promotion and get back to the topic of the blog.

I was shattered after my startup attempt. My confidence was so low.
I thought I was an elephant, but the startup experience tied chains to my legs.

In the past 10 months I have been blessed with the opportunity to work alongside among some cool western programmers.
Working alongside them has helped me to pick myself up. I do not want to go over all the things that I like about working with western programmers. To summarize the experience, it has helped me to discover my myself, It has given me renewed confidence and energy.

OK. I will say it.
I feel powerful and invincible now. I don't want to sound over confident and pompous here.
I just mean that I believe that I can do anything if I put my mind into it.

I feel alive.

Now its time to shake hands with the morning sun.

I want to thank the western programmers here. I am going to miss working during your timezone.
Even though we used to discuss for 10-15 mins, during your timezone, I felt alive with you guys.

The timing overlap is something that I am going to miss going ahead :(
Thanks to all the collaboration tools that we have to interact :), I am going to be fine.